docs/projects/graveyard-tycoon.md, before:

---
prev: false
next: false
---

# Graveyard Tycoon

### My Role
- Programming, UI Design & Implementation

### Created Using
- Roblox Studio
- Lua

### Achievements
- 15.4K+ visits on Roblox
- 80% positive like ratio

## Overview
My brother and I had the idea to put a twist on the 'typical' Roblox tycoon experience. Normally, these kinds of games have you purely build up a base and earn money, but we wanted to add a bit more depth to the gameplay.

<br />

Graveyard Tycoon has players visit a sprawling underground cave network with distinct locations, where they can find bones, which they can smelt at a crematorium to create ash, which can be sold to a reaper for money.

<br />

Money can be spent on unlocking new areas in the underground which offer more bones as a reward, upgrading your backpack capacity and smelting speed, and building up your graveyard to completion!

## Showcase
The gallery below shows some screenshots from the game.

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-41b2153f6742cec1e3764f517480f004/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-f3689c920516a240d026b3b3fb978251/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-6078f07d242ec9c935bc33842a173bad/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-1e89e88a7cb229752a20ee61cca2ac75/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

Commit message:

project redesigns, backend modularity, & blog

docs/projects/graveyard-tycoon.md, after:

---
prev: false
next: false
---

# Graveyard Tycoon

::: info My Role
Programming, UI Design & Implementation
:::

::: info Software & Languages Used
- Lua
- Roblox Studio
:::

::: info Achievements
- 18.9K+ visits on Roblox
- 80% positive like ratio
:::

## Overview
::: tip Context
Graveyard Tycoon was developed as a personal project during my free time in collaboration with my brother. We had the idea to put a twist on the typical Roblox tycoon experience by adding a bit more depth to the gameplay, and wanted to see what we could come up with.
:::

<br />

Graveyard Tycoon has players visit a sprawling underground cave network with distinct locations, where they can find bones, which they can smelt at a crematorium to create ash, which can be sold to a reaper for money.

<br />

Money can be spent on unlocking new areas in the underground which offer more bones as a reward, upgrading your backpack capacity and smelting speed, and building up your graveyard to completion!

## Showcase
The gallery below shows some screenshots from the game.

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-41b2153f6742cec1e3764f517480f004/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-f3689c920516a240d026b3b3fb978251/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-6078f07d242ec9c935bc33842a173bad/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)

![Game Screenshot](https://tr.rbxcdn.com/180DAY-1e89e88a7cb229752a20ee61cca2ac75/768/432/Image/Webp/noFilter)
