docs/projects/the-ghost-in-me.md, before:

---
prev: false
next: false
---

# The Ghost in Me

### My Role
- Engine Work, Programming, UI Implementation

### Created Using
- Unity Engine
- C#
- Aseprite

## Overview
This was the first project I made in the Unity engine, and I created it as part of a 5 day long game jam during my college degree.

<br />

This game is a 2D puzzle/platformer in which the player takes on the role of a reaper helping souls pass on. The player can choose between six levels, using their ghostly powers to avoid obstacles and progress through the level. The game features a unique mechanic where the player can switch into a 'ghost mode' for 5 seconds at a time, allowing them to pass through walls and other obstacles to find ways to allow their physical body to progress.

<br />

I received positive feedback from my peers at college about this game, and am proud of the work I put into it, I especially like the 2D assets and tilemaps, which I created myself using Aseprite.

## Showcase
The gallery below shows some screenshots from the game.

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5OC5wbmc=/original/noMQWt.png)

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5OS5wbmc=/original/lEsJeK.png)

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5Ny5wbmc=/original/Ul1470.png)

Commit message:

project redesigns, backend modularity, & blog

docs/projects/the-ghost-in-me.md, after:

---
prev: false
next: false
---

# The Ghost in Me

::: info My Role
Sole Programmer
:::

::: info Software & Languages Used
- C#
- Unity Engine
- Aseprite
:::

## Overview
::: tip Context
This game was developed as part of a game jam held by my college, where I created this 2D puzzle/platformer game in Unity over the course of 5 days.
:::

<br />

This game is a 2D puzzle/platformer in which the player takes on the role of a reaper helping souls pass on. The player can choose between six levels, using their ghostly powers to avoid obstacles and progress through the level. The game features a unique mechanic where the player can switch into a 'ghost mode' for 5 seconds at a time, allowing them to pass through walls and other obstacles to find ways to allow their physical body to progress.

<br />

The game received positive feedback from my college peers, and I'm particularly proud of the 2D assets and tilemaps I crafted using Aseprite.

## Showcase
The gallery below shows some screenshots from the game.

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5OC5wbmc=/original/noMQWt.png)

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5OS5wbmc=/original/lEsJeK.png)

![Game Screenshot](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvMjA4NTEyMC8xMjI2NTA5Ny5wbmc=/original/Ul1470.png)
